DOC improve ENN documentation (#1021)
scikit-learn-contrib/imbalanced-learn: doc/under_sampling.rst

.. _edited_nearest_neighbors:

Editing data using nearest neighbours
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Edited nearest neighbours
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The edited nearest neighbours methodology uses KNN to identify the neighbours of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The edited nearest neighbours methodology uses K-nearest neighbor to identify the neighbours of the
```

targeted class samples, and then removes observations if any or most of their
neighbours are from a different class :cite:`wilson1972asymptotic`.

:class:`EditedNearestNeighbours` carries out the following steps:

> 1. Train a KNN using the entire dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Train a K-nearest neighbors using the entire dataset.
```

> 2. Find each observations' 3 closest neighbours (only for the targeted classes).

Reviewer: Almost sure that the `3` is parametrizable. We should instead refer to the sampler argument.

  >>> print(sorted(Counter(y_resampled).items()))
  [(0, 64), (1, 234), (2, 4666)]

The parameter ``n_neighbors`` accepts integers. The integer refers to the number of
neighbours to examine for each sample. It can also take a classifier subclassed from
``KNeighborsMixin`` from scikit-learn. When passing a classifier, note that, if you
pass a 3-KNN classifier, only 2 neighbours will be examined for the cleaning, as the

> third sample is the one being examined for undersampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
third sample is the one being examined for undersampling since it is part of the samples provided at `fit`.
```

  >>> print(sorted(Counter(y_resampled).items()))
  [(0, 64), (1, 234), (2, 4666)]

The parameter ``n_neighbors`` accepts integers. The integer refers to the number of
neighbours to examine for each sample. It can also take a classifier subclassed from
``KNeighborsMixin`` from scikit-learn. When passing a classifier, note that, if you

> pass a 3-KNN classifier, only 2 neighbours will be examined for the cleaning, as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pass a 3-Nearest Neighbors classifier, only 2 neighbours will be examined for the cleaning, as the
```
